docs: details about policy validation and execution plan (#32)
eclipse-edc/eclipse-edc.github.io: content/en/documentation/for-contributors/control-plane/entities/_index.md

  ],
  "@context": {
    "@vocab": "https://w3id.org/edc/v0.0.1/ns/",
    "edc": "https://w3id.org/edc/v0.0.1/ns/",
    "odrl": "http://www.w3.org/ns/odrl/2/"
  }
}
```

Since the `leftOperand` is not bound to a scope and there is no function associated to it within any scope, we can deduce that the constraint will be filtered during evaluation.

The kind validation can be either be called using the `/v3.1alpha/policydefinitions/{id}/validate` or can be
enabled by default on policy definition creation.

> The settings is `edc.policy.validation.enabled`

#### 2.5.3.2 Policy Evaluation Plan

Even if the validation phase of a policy is successful, it might happen that evaluation of a `Policy` does not behave as expected if the `PolicyEngine`
was not configured properly.

For example if a function has bindings only to a `leftOperand` in the `catalog` scope but the desired behavior is to run the policy function also in the `contract.negotiation` and in the `transfer.process` ones.

> In those scenario the new evaluation plan API has been introduce to get an overview of all the steps that the `PolicyEngine` will take while evaluating a `Policy` within a scope without actually running the evaluation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In those scenarios, the new API called the "evaluation plan API" has been introduced to get an overview of all the steps that the `PolicyEngine` will take while evaluating a `Policy` within a scope without actually running the evaluation.
```
